hey guys how's it goin I would send this
twist and sparkle and you can make your
own carbonated drinks using this easy
application so the first I'm going to
try it and luckily this comes with a
book of recipes so I'm looking through
them and it looks like a sparkling rose
and strawberry blueberry sangria so I'm
going to make this has a peach here but
I'm gonna do a blueberries and
strawberries because that's my have in
my freezer
mmm this is really good
what's really cool with the twisting
sparkles that comes with a recipe book
so you can find a lot of recipes out or
non-alcoholic there's juices there's
coolers there's desserts there's one
called mocha float which this has coffee
and ice cream oh my god to die for I
think it's pretty cool to make your own
drinks and you know experiment with a
lot of stuff which is I am all about
experimenting more drinks only the other
stuff so go check out the information
down below I will listen where you can
find your twisted and sparkle
information and remember if you have to
discard the soda charger every time you
use it
alright guys don't be a great one and
I'll see easier Cheers